fix(anta.tests): Add note about multi-agent in BGP tests (#946)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/api/tests.routing.bgp.md

  ~ that can be found in the LICENSE file.
  -->

!!! info "`multi-agent` Service Routing Protocols Model Requirements"

>     The BGP tests in this section are only supported on switches running the `multi-agent` routing protocols model. Starting from EOS version 4.30.1F, `service routing protocols model` is set to `multi-agent` by default. These BGP commands are **not** compatible with switches running the legacy `ribd` routing protocols model and might fail if attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The BGP tests in this section are only supported on switches running the `multi-agent` routing protocols model. Starting from EOS version 4.30.1F, `service routing protocols model` is set to `multi-agent` by default. These BGP commands may **not** be compatible with switches running the legacy `ribd` routing protocols model and may fail if attempted.
```
